add-docker-installation-docs (#63)
spacecloud-io/space-docs: content/install/docker.md

weight: 2
---

> The recommeded way to run space cloud is using space-cli setup command, which installs space-cloud in a kubernetes cluster, by which you can access all the space-cloud features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The recommended way to run Space Cloud is using the `space-cli setup` command, which installs Space Cloud in a [Kubernetes cluster](/install/kubernetes/).
```

> Running space cloud in a dockerized environments comes with some feature restrictions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Space Cloud as a standalone docker container comes with some feature restrictions. 
```

> The features which are ~~strike throughed~~ are not availble because these features are dependant on **kubernetes environment**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The features which are ~~striked through~~ are not available since they depend on **Kubernetes**.
```

- Database
- Filestore
- Graphql API

> - Eventing (Not availabe when database is sql server)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Eventing
```

- Caching
- ~~Deployments~~
- ~~Secrets~~

> - ~~Ingress routing~~

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ingress routing
```

## When to use docker compose

> Running space-cloud only in docker can be useful for the following use cases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Running Space Cloud in docker can be useful for the following use cases:
```

> - Test out space cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Test out basic Space Cloud features
```

- A POC project

## Installation

> Download the docker compose using commands given below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We ship a `docker-compose` file for those seeking to use Space Cloud as a standalone docker image. Download the `docker-compose` file using commands shown below:
```

> **NOTE:** Windows users should use power shell for running the below command

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Windows users should use power shell for running the below command.**
```

  </div>

  <div id="mongo" class="col s12" style="padding:0">
{{< highlight bash >}}
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spacecloud-io/space-cloud/master/install-manifests/docker/mongo/docker-compose.yaml" -o docker-compose.yaml
{{< /highlight >}}
  </div>

  <div id="postgres" class="col s12" style="padding:0">
{{< highlight bash >}}
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spacecloud-io/space-cloud/master/install-manifests/docker/postgres/docker-compose.yaml" -o docker-compose.yaml && curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spacecloud-io/space-cloud/master/install-manifests/docker/postgres/postgresql.conf" -o postgresql.conf
{{< /highlight >}}
  </div>

  <div id="mysql" class="col s12" style="padding:0">
{{< highlight bash >}}
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spacecloud-io/space-cloud/master/install-manifests/docker/mysql/docker-compose.yaml" -o docker-compose.yaml
{{< /highlight >}}
  </div>

  <div id="sql-server" class="col s12" style="padding:0">
{{< highlight bash >}}
curl "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/spacecloud-io/space-cloud/master/install-manifests/docker/sql-server/docker-compose.yaml" -o docker-compose.yaml
{{< /highlight >}}
  </div>
</div>

> Run this command to start the containers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to start the containers:
```
